I now seriously doubt your ability
That Su Yize is a kid who plays the cave
Nothing.
You actually fell into his hands
Several times
He seems to be able to predict everything
Always run ahead of me
I wonder if he hung up
I don't care.
Now Qin Mengyao has encountered a big problem
He can't solve it
You conquer him with your ability
Let him gradually sink
I want to destroy him
Don't worry, it will be absolutely fine this time.
So confident
Because of Qin Mengyao's problem this time
I designed it myself
No one but me
I am waiting for your good news.
A beautiful woman like Qin Mengyao should be told by me
And Yan Ruoxue
Zhang Xiren Nian Susu and others are all mine
As for Su Yuze
Wait for me to die.
Didn't Su Shao say to go to the movies?
Why didn't you come?
I don't want to see why I'm going?
Don't you understand what I mean?
What do you mean?
6 Days Hotel Room 606
I have prepared black silk for you.